(dramatic orchestral music)
(thunder rumbling)
- [Man] Hey, hey, hey. It's me, it's me.
Hi.
We gotta go.
(woman grunts) Okay.
(woman coughing)
(tense music)
(man and woman panting) (underbrush crunching)
(woman coughing)
(drone buzzing)
(woman grunts)
Come on, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
We gotta go, come on. Come on.
Come on, come on, get up, get up.
Just get up, just get -
- [Woman] No!
(arrow thuds)
(tense music)
(man panting)
(arrow thuds)
(body thuds)
(birds chirping)
(drone buzzing)
(arrow thwacks)
- [Man 1] A pandemic has been officially declared
as the as yet unknown virus sweeps the nation.
The Eradication Control Task Force...
- [News Reporter 1] Cities have been left to formulate
their own strategies to deal
with uncontrolled rates of infection.
Meanwhile...
- [News Reporter 2] Miles as people flee Chicago
for the countryside....
- [Man 2] That's what I've been telling you.
There's no feasible containment strategy.
Absolutely none.
- [News Reporter 3] Record numbers,
and riots are reported across the nation.
- [News Reporter 4] Comes days after the release
of viral footage showing what appears
to be a group of infected civilians
attacking a military patrol.
- [Woman] There's something really wrong with people.
We need to get out of here.
- [Man 1] Military drones have been deployed
across the country in accordance
with the new Eradication Act.
- [Woman] They're not letting anyone leave.
If anyone leaves their home, the drones are killing them.
- [Woman 2] It doesn't matter.
We have to go now.
- [Woman 3] Please, you have to let us out of here.
- [Man 3] Servers are down.
Communications are going down across the board.
- [Woman 4] They don't come out in daylight,
but it's getting dark.
- [Man 3] There's no easy way to say this.
- [Woman 2] If anyone can hear this, please help us.
- [Man 2] This is an S.O.S.
- [Man] But this will be our final broadcast.
(drone whooshing) (tense music)
(computer beeping)
- Hey, can you see me?
- Yes, I can see you. Can you see me?
- Yeah, I can see you. Yeah, it's working.
- Yay.
- Hi. - How are you?
Did you get back okay?
- Mm-hm.
Yeah. Yes, settled back.
How about you? How is it?
- It's great.
I mean, it's beautiful. It's very different.
Just being here by myself, but yeah,
really looking forward to having you up here.
- Well, actually, it's going to take
a little longer than we thought.
- Do you know how much longer?
- Well, we're going to have to do
a lot more testing to figure out a treatment, so...
As long as it takes. (chuckles)
Did you find the phlebotomy equipment, by the way?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I got it.
Not great with needles
but I've got these track marks to make a junkie proud.
Glad that no one can see me out here.
- You'll be fine.
- How you doing? You okay?
- Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.
Just...
Yeah, I'm fine.
(Sam coughs)
- I actually have to go.
- Okay. - Yeah, my boss needs me.
- All right.
See you soon.
- Yeah.
- I love you.
- I love you, too.
(computer beeps)
(egg timer ringing) (David gasps)
(David grunts)
(egg timers ticking) (tense music)
(tense music)
- [Sam] Dear David...
(egg timer ringing)
By now, you should be settled in.
I hope you're comfortable
because we need you to stay isolated.
(egg timers ticking)
(egg timer ringing)
You'll need to keep a strict daily schedule.
Keep yourself healthy.
Check yourself every day for symptoms.
(tense music)
(egg timer ringing)
(ax thuds) (wood cracks)
The virus you're infected with has killed every other person
who's come into contact with it.
Everyone except you.
(tense music)
I'll be at the Eradication Control Center in D.C.
My job is to study your blood.
It could be the key to saving us all.
(tense music)
It's a mess out there, David, and it's getting worse.
Stay isolated.
(tense music) (birds chirping)
(drone buzzing)
(drone buzzes in the distance) (tense music)
(liquid spraying)
(tense music)
(egg timers ticking)
It's hard to be so far away from you,
but right now we don't have a choice.
(egg timer ringing)
(generator starts up)
I'll call every day.
(insects buzzing) (soft tense music)
One last thing, David....
Never, ever go out after dark.
(insects buzzing) (tense dramatic music)
I miss you.
(tense music) (insects buzzing)
(guttural screaming in the distance)
(egg timers ticking)
- It's so funny, I had this dream that, um...
Oh, I dunno.
It's hard to, to...
(David sighs)
(egg timers ticking)
(dial clicking)
(busy signal beeping)
(phone line trilling)
- [Man] Hello, you've reached the Beaumont family.
This is Tim-
- [Woman] And Julie.
- [Girl] And Stephanie.
- [Tim] Leave us a message and we'll call you right back.
(line beeps)
(egg timer ringing)
(drone buzzing)
(egg timers ticking)
(egg timer ringing)
(generator starts up)
(phone ringing)
- Hello?
- [Man] Who is this?
(tense music)
Hello?
(egg timer ringing)
(line drops) - Hello?
Fuck.
(computer beeping)
Shit.
(egg time ringing)
(computer beeping)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No.
(David sighs)
(tense music)
(egg timer ringing)
(woman sobbing)
Sam?
(computer beeps)
(David panting)
(egg timer ringing)
(egg timers ticking)
(birds chirping) (underbrush crunching)
(drone buzzing overhead)
- I'm a vegetarian!
Wha...
(drone buzzing)
(cans thudding)
Okay.
Fine.
Lovely.
(ax thuds) (wood cracks)
(drone buzzing) (birds chirping)
"Virus is a bloodborne pathogen."
Uh huh.
"Drones are for your protection."
(egg timer ringing)
(computer beeping)
- [Sam] What are you doing?
- Sam. - This isn't a game, David.
Do you understand that?
- Yeah.
- There cannot be any interruption.
It's, it's really dangerous.
Do you understand, your blood is our only hope for a cure.
- Sam, are you in trouble?
- You have to make the drop.
- Okay.
- Yeah. - Fill another bag.
- I already did one today.
- I need you to do one right now, David.
David, if they don't get it within 48 hours-
- Yeah, okay, okay.
I'll do it, just stay on the line.
Stay on...
(vials clatter)
Yeah.
(tense music)
Sam, I trust you.
You can talk to me. What's going on?
(Sam sighs)
- The rules are there to protect you.
Stick to the routine. Don't take any risks.
Stay isolated.
(computer beeps)
(phone dial clicking)
(phone line trilling)
- [Man] Hello?
- Who is this?
- [Man] Who are you?
- Beaumont?
Is this Beaumont in Meadow Lakes?
- [Man] No.
How did you get this number? - Are you in Meadow Lakes?
- [Man] Yeah, what's left of it.
I thought I was only one here- - Where'd you come from?
- [Man] Atlanta.
Nothing there, either.
Look, it's getting dark.
It's not safe for us to talk.
They could hear me- - Just you?
- [Man] Yeah. Just me now.
What's your name?
- David.
- [Man] David.
I'm Todd.
- How'd you end up here?
- [Todd] I was in Atlanta
when they lost control of the infection.
Government drones appeared out of the sky
and people were cheering, calling for help,
thought that they were there to save us.
Then the gas, hissin', like timber rattlers.
I had a rebreather on, working insulation.
Most weren't that lucky.
You know, even before then you could see
things were getting worse.
People were losing everything,
but I, I always had the same thought:
to hell with them, it's not gonna happen to me.
Then along comes this higher power.
Do you realize you're nothin'?
(Todd scoffs)
I'm ramblin'. I'm ramblin' at it.
It's been a while since I had anything to eat.
Look, David...
I know you don't know me.
You've got no reason to trust me, but I could work.
Earn my keep- - You can't come here.
- I didn't mean that-
- No, you can't be close to me.
I'm infected.
It doesn't affect me, but um, it would kill you,
so you can't come here.
I'm sorry.
- [Todd] You tested to be sure?
- What?
- [Todd] How long you been isolated up there?
- 24 months.
- Eradication control people put out
at home tests towards the end.
I mean, they were in every drug store.
Didn't help much at that point,
but you could find out for sure.
(tense music)
(insects buzzing) (birds chirping)
(birds chirping)
(device clicks) (David grunts)
(blood drips)
(wind chimes ringing in the distance)
(water sloshing)
(man coughing)
(David panting)
- Stay back.
(man coughs) Stay back.
Hey.
Hey, stay back!
Stay back, I'm infected.
(man coughs)
(tongue clicking)
(man screams)
(water splashes)
(arrow thuds)
(tense dramatic music) (water splashing)
(David grunting)
(tense dramatic music)
(sick man grunts)
(arrow thuds) (body thuds)
(tense dramatic music)
(water splashing)
(tense dramatic music) (David panting)
(David panting)
(door thuds)
(match lights)
(David panting) (tense music)
Oh, fucking stupid.
So fucking stupid.
Oh, so fucking stupid.
Oh, fuck.
(David mumbling)
(David breathes heavily)
It's okay, it's okay.
(David mumbles) (tense music)
(birds chirping)
(drone buzzing in the distance)
(tense music) (egg timers ticking)
- I know this is hard,
but you still have to keep to the routine.
(David panting) (tense music)
(egg timer ringing)
(egg timers ringing)
Hi.
(ax thudding) (wood cracking)
You'll do fine.
(ax thuds) (wood cracks)
(drone buzzing in the distance)
(woods thuds)
(egg timer ringing)
Actually...
It's going to take a little longer than we thought.
I'll see you soon. (egg timers ringing)
David?
I love you.
(egg timers ticking) (tense music)
(Sam sighs)
Would you look at that view?
I always loved this place in the summer.
- Yeah.
(Sam humming)
- [Sam] Hey, have you seen, have you seen the sugar?
- You're not real.
(egg timer ringing)
- [Sam] Turn it off.
- Shut up, shut up, go away.
(Sam chuckles)
- Or what?
It's not like you can make me.
Like you could ever stand up to me.
(Sam sighs)
I know that look.
That desperate look in your eye,
every time you'd come to me.
Not for support or validation,
you'd come to me so that I'd lie to you
to tell you it's all right, you're good.
Your failures aren't your fault.
Your success is right around the corner.
But nothing I or anyone else could say
will change the simple truth that you are a coward.
You have spent your entire life waiting for permission,
permission to eat, permission to breathe,
permission to fuck.
Without me to tell you what to do, you are nothing.
Now turn it off.
- Shut up!
(items clattering)
(egg timer ringing)
(soft piano music) (egg timers ticking)
(soft piano music)
(ax thuds) (David grunts)
(David panting)
(David grunts)
(birds chirping) (tense music)
(David laughing)
Oh, fuck.
- Oh God.
I told you not to be out after sundown.
You can't leave the house anymore, David. It's not safe.
- The man I saw, there was something wrong with him,
like he lost his mind.
- Did he bite you?
This is important, David.
Did he bite you or touch you in any way?
- No.
(Sam sighs)
- That's good.
- What does this disease do to people?
- I...
I can't say anything else right now,
but we're gonna clean this up.
Look, I'm not supposed to say anything,
but we made a breakthrough.
We're close, David, to finding a cure for you.
A vaccine.
Just a little bit longer and we can be together again.
I want that so much.
Don't you?
- Sam, you're sure I'm infected?
- Promise me you won't leave the house again, David.
- Yeah. Of course.
(drone buzzing in the distance)
(soft tense music)
(drone buzzes in the distance) (soft tense music)
(soft tense music) (birds chirping)
(drone buzzing)
(tense music)
(tense dramatic music)
(flies buzzing) (birds chirping)
(flies buzzing)
(David panting)
(birds chirping)
(drone buzzes overhead)
(tense dramatic music) (birds chirping)
(tense dramatic music continues)
(Sam gasps)
- Sam? - No!
No!
- What is this? What are you doing here?
- Stay away, stay back.
- Hey.
Hey, it's okay.
I'm not infected.
- I am.
(insects buzzing in the distance)
Don't. Don't come near me.
(Sam sighs)
- Why did you lie to me?
- I had to.
To protect you.
- I don't understand.
- I know.
I knew you wouldn't.
That's why I had to do it.
- Then help me.
- I can't
- Please.
(Sam sighs)
(Sam sniffles)
- I've missed you so much.
- It's okay.
It's okay, you're here now.
- I made a deal with dangerous people, David.
They're...
They're killing everybody who's infected.
- [David] The Eradication Program?
- Yes.
- There's no cure.
- We tried.
It all fell apart so fast.
The infection rates were too high,
then they just started wiping everyone out.
It was all I could do to keep us alive.
- You should've told me.
- You couldn't have handled it, David.
I just, I was trying to protect you
because, because they're watching.
They're always watching.
Oh, if they found out I was here, they'll...
They'll...
- It's okay.
We're not sick.
They have no reason to us, right?
- You're bleeding.
- It's nothing.
Sam, what's wrong?.
- I'm so hungry, David.
- Okay, we're together now, so it'll be okay.
- No.
No.
No, I, I gotta go back.
- What? - I gotta go back, David.
I can't be here.
I gotta follow the rules.
I have to go back or else...
Oh, I feel it coming.
I...
I'm sick, David.
- You said I was sick, remember?
I'm not.
- You don't believe me?
- All right.
- Yeah?
Thank you.
(Sam sobbing)
- [David] It'll be okay.
(blade slices) (Sam gasps)
It's gonna be okay.
- David?
David, no.
David.
David, no! (banging on door)
Don't leave me, David.
David.
Please don't go.
You have to listen to me.
They're watching us. David!
(soft tense music)
(David panting)
- Sam? (soft music)
It's gonna be all right.
You're not sick. You're just confused, okay?
You need food and rest.
- David.
- [David] Yeah?
- Please. Please don't do this.
Just...
Just let me go back.
- I'll be back with food soon.
Try and get some rest.
(phone line trilling)
- [Tim] Hello, you've reached the Beaumont family.
This is Tim-
- [Julie] And Julie.
- [Stephanie] And Stephanie.
- [Tim] leave us a message and call you right back.
(insects buzzing) (tense music)
- Hey, it's...
Um...
I'm not infected.
I think you should come here.
I think that we'll all be safer together.
I don't know if you have a map,
but we are at 44 degrees, five minutes, 15 seconds by, um...
74 degrees, five minutes, 30 seconds.
Bye. (phone thuds)
(tense music) (insects buzzing)
(David panting)
(insects buzzing) (birds chirping)
Hey, can you see me?
- Yes, I can see you. Can you see me?
- Yeah. I can see you.
Yeah, it's working.
- [Sam] Yay.
Hi. - Hi.
Did you get back okay?
- [Sam] Mm-hm.
Yeah.
I actually have to go.
Yeah, my uh, boss needs me.
- [David] All right.
- [Sam] Okay.
- [David] All right, I'll see you soon.
- Yeah, okay.
- All right, I love you.
- I love you, too.
Listen to me.
I will keep him safe and isolated.
He'll send me clean blood,
enough to suppress my symptoms
and I'll send the rest to you via drone.
I know you need it as much as I do,
but you will keep your side of the bargain.
I know you're killing anyone who's infected.
You need me.
I'm the only one he trusts.
Do we have a deal? (tense music)
(computer beeps)
Everything's going smoothly.
I've been hunting the ones who get too close.
They come at night.
It almost seems like they know he's here.
I'm worried he's starting to suspect something.
He's withholding his blood.
Part of me just wants to go to him and...
Don't worry.
He will cooperate.
Ah, it's getting worse.
I can feel it crawling in my cells.
(Sam gasps)
Extreme vasodilation...
(Sam groans)
Inflammation.
(tense dramatic music)
I won't turn into one of them.
I need blood soon.
(tense music)
- Okay...
(computer beeping)
- Sam.
(Sam whimpering)
- [Sam] David.
Hurry. - Okay, I'm coming, Sam.
(computer beeping)
(drone clicking)
(drone buzzing)
(tense music)
Who are you?
(drone buzzing)
What the fuck do you want from us?
(tense dramatic music) (drone buzzing)
(drone whirring)
(gas spraying)
(David gasps)
(David choking)
(David breathing heavily)
(drone buzzing)
(tense dramatic music)
(David coughing) (David panting)
(drone buzzes overhead)
(David panting) (tense music)
(drone buzzing) (tense dramatic music)
(arrows thuds)
(blade slices) (David grunts)
(drone buzzing)
(David thuds)
(David grunts)
(David panting)
(David groaning) (bone cracks)
Fuck.
(David panting)
(David grunting)
(birds chirping)
(David panting)
(David grunts)
Sam!
(David panting)
(David groans)
(David breathing heavily)
(David panting)
(blade slices) (David yelps)
(David groans)
(David panting)
(soft clicking)
(Sam smacking lips) (Sam whimpering)
(egg timer ringing)
(Sam thuds) (Sam gasps)
(Sam snarls)
(Sam clicking tongue) (Sam snarls)
(Sam screams)
(David panting)
- Sam?
Sorry.
(drone buzzes in the distance)
Sam, I can give you blood.
Things will go back to how they were, okay?
I can give you some.
(tense music)
(Sam softly snarls)
(Sam clicks tongue)
(David panting)
(footsteps thudding) (Sam snarls)
(Sam clicks tongue)
(Sam whimpering)
(David breathing heavily) (Sam whimpering)
(Sam snarls)
(Sam clicks tongue)
(Sam softly snarls)
(tense music)
(Sam clicks tongue)
(Sam screams)
(Sam clicking tongue)
- Sam, Sam.
Sam. (Sam clicking tongue)
(Sam snarling softly)
(birds chirping)
(flesh squelches)
(Sam sobbing)
- David...
(Sam clicks tongue)
(David breathing heavily)
- Sam?
(birds chirping)
Sam.
(flesh sizzling) (Sam grunts)
(David panting) (flesh sizzling)
(David panting) (soft synth music)
(drone buzzes overhead)
(soft synth music)
(drones buzzing)
(soft music)
(birds chirping)
(flesh sizzling) (soft music)
(birds chirping) (soft music)
(David breathing heavily) (soft music)
(David grunting)
(David grunts) (body thuds)
(David panting)
(soft music)
(flesh sizzling) (David panting)
(drones buzzing overhead)
(door thuds)
(door creaks)
(man softly panting)
- Thank you, David.
(egg timer ringing)
(egg timer continues ringing)
(computer beeps)
David?
Is that you?
- My name, um, my name is Dr. Chambers.
- Where's David?
- David left.
- Is he all right?
- Yeah.
Yeah, they found a treatment for him.
He, uh, he left to D.C. to be with his wife.
I'm afraid we have some bad news, though.
The previous generation of tests was flawed.
From what we know now, it seems that everybody out there
who's still alive is an asymptomatic carrier.
We believe you are, too.
But we can start working on a treatment
for you right away.
In the shelves to your left,
you'll find phlebotomy equipment,
tools to collect samples of your blood.
You're safe now.
Let's get started. (tense music)
(tense dramatic electronic music)
(tense music)